martini will move against you first
he'll set up a meeting with someone that
you absolutely trust guaranteeing your
safety and at that meeting
you'll be assassinated I like to drink
mine more than I used to
anyway I'm day tomorrow it's good for
you your wife until only happy with them
very happy that's good hope you don't
mind why I keep going oldest Mycenae
business no not at all you spend my life
trying not to be careless women and
children can be careless but not men
how's your boy it's good you know it
looks more like everyday he's smarter
than I am three years old he can read
the funny papers read the funny papers
I want you to have a telephone man check
all the calls ago you know I did it
already
good man they don't care of that oh
that's right what's the matter what's
bothering you I'll handle it I told you
I can handle it I'll handle it
I know that sad Dana was gonna have to
go through all this and Fredo Fredo was
I never I never wanted this for you I
like my whole life I don't apologize
take care of my family and I refused to
be a fool dancing under strain held by
all those big shots I don't apologize
that's my life but I thought that the
winner was your time that the Jill would
be the one to hold the strings senator
Corleone governor Corleone something
another person Atlanta this was enough
time Michael was enough time forget that
pop we'll get there
[Music]
now listen whoever comes to you with a
sparse any meeting he's the traitor
don't forget that
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]